MY NEXT GUEST IS A "NEW
YORK TIMES" BEST-SELLING  AUTHOR
AND CO-HOST OF "THE VIEW."
PLEASE WELCOME BACK TO THE "LATE
SHOW," MEGHAN MCCAIN!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( BAND PLAYING )
>> Stephen: WELCOME BACK!
YOU ARE SO FUN.
MY EXECUTIVE PRODUCER BRYAN IS
BACK STAGE AND I'M, LIKE, WE
NEED A BAND ON "THE VIEW."
IT'S SO FUN.
THE ENERGY IS SO AMAZING.
>> Stephen: YOU NEED A GOOD
ONE, THOUGH.
>> ONLY A GOOD ONE.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU FOR
BEING BACK.
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
>> Stephen: WE ENJOYED HAVING
YOU LAST TIME, BUT THIS IS THE
FIRST TIME WE'VE SEEN EACH OTHER
SINCE YOUR FATHER PASSED AWAY.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: AND I JUST WANT TO
SAY I'M SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS AND
THE LOSS OF OUR NATION.
HE WAS A GREAT MAN.
YOU SPOKE SO ELOQUENTLY AT HIS
FUNERAL.
>> YES.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, SINCERELY.
>> Stephen: WHEN YOU GAVE HIS
EULOGY, YOU SAID WE GATHER HERE
TO MOURN THE PASSING OF AMERICAN
GREATNESS, THE REAL THING, NOT
CHEAP RHETORIC FROM MEN WHO WILL
NEVER COME NEAR THE SACRIFICE HE
GAVE SO WILLINGLY.
DO YOU --
>> I DID SAY THAT.
>> Stephen: YOU DID SAY THAT.
AND I MEAN IT.
>> Stephen: THAT WAS SOMEWHAT
POINTED.
THAT WAS SOMEWHAT POINTED.
I HAVE TO ASK, DID YOU KNOW THAT
JARED AND IVANKA TRUMP WOULD BE
ATTENDING WHEN YOU WROTE THIS?
>> WELL, I -- THE NATURE OF MY
FATHER'S CANCER, I HAD THE
LUXURY AND CURSE THAT I WAS
WRITING IT IN REALTIME, AND I
OBVIOUSLY KNEW WITH HIS
DIAGNOSIS THAT HE WOULD MORE
THAN LIKELY DIE WITHIN A YEAR.
SOUTH WEIRD TO WRITE A EULOGY
FOR SOMEONE WHO'S STILL ALIVE.
BUT WHEN WE WERE WORKING ON IT,
I DIDN'T THINK ABOUT WHO WOULD
BE ATTENDING THE FUNERAL,
STRANGELY, AND THE ANSWER IS,
NO, I DID NOT KNOW THAT THEY
WOULD BE ATTENDING HIS FUNERAL.
>> Stephen: WHAT WAS THAT LIKE
FOR YOU?
>> IT'S WEIRD TO TALK ABOUT IT.
>> Stephen: IF YOU DON'T MIND.
OF COURSE.
A FUNERAL IS OBVIOUSLY A SACRED
TIME AND I THOUGHT THAT MY
FAMILY HAD MADE IT CLEAR, OR AT
LEAST I HAD, THAT THE TRUMPS ARE
UNWELCOME AROUND ME AND THAT MY
FATHER HAD BEEN CLEAR ABOUT THE
LINE BETWEEN THE McCAINS AND
THE TRUMPS, SO I WAS SURPRISED
WHEN THEY WERE THERE, AND IT
MADE ME UNCOMFORTABLE, AND I
HOPE I MADE THEM UNCOMFORTABLE,
HONESTLY, WITH EVERYTHING.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
YOU KNOW, IT'S WEIRD BECAUSE --
IT'S A WEIRD THING TO EVEN TALK
ABOUT ON A LATE-NIGHT SHOW, BUT
I ALSO KNOW THAT MY FATHER WAS
ALWAYS, IF NOTHING, A HAM, AND
HE DESIGNED HIS FUNERAL TO SORT
OF BE BRIDGING FOR AMERICA AND
TO BE HEALING.
>> Stephen: WELL, AS AN
EXAMPLE, HIS SERVICE AS AN
EXAMPLE AND HIS BIPARTISANSHIP
AS AN EXAMPLE, NOT THAT HE
DIDN'T HAVE VERY CONSERVATIVE
POLICIES, NOT THAT HE ALWAYS
AGREED WITH THE PEOPLE ACROSS
THE AISLE BUT HE DID NOT SEE THE
OTHER SIDE AS A MORTAL ENEMY OR
EVIL.
>> NO, AND BOTH CANDIDATES WHO
BEAT HIM FOR PRESIDENT SPOKE,
AND IT'S THE HONOR OF MY LIFE
THAT I WAS ABLE TO GIVE THAT,
IT'S SUCH A HAZE.
I REALLY WANT IT MADE VERY CLEAR
THAT YOU HAVE -- THE TRUMPS HAVE
BEEF WITH ME THEN AND IN THE
WORDS OF CARDI B THEY'RE GOING
TO HAVE BEEF WITH ME FOREVER,
AND I'M NOT GOING TO FORGET.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
IT'S SORT OF A STRANGE ELEMENT
TO MY LIFE NOW THAT THEY
ATTENDED, AND I WISH THEY HAD
CHOSEN NOT TO OUT OF RESPECT, IF
NOTHING MORE, FOR ME, BUT IT'S
THEIR CALL, AND I THINK AMERICA
CAN JUDGE ON ITS OWN WHAT THEY
THOUGHT OF THAT AND WHAT THEY
THOUGHT OF MY EULOGY.
( APPLAUSE )
THANK YOU.
IT'S HARD, YOU KNOW.
IT'S A HARD THING TO TALK ABOUT.
MY FATHER WAS TO PUBLIC.
>> Stephen: NOT A SHRINKING
VIOLET, YOUR FATHER.
>> NO, AND HE LOVED ATTENTION
AND CAMERAS.
>> Stephen: AND WE WERE LUCKY
TO HAVE HIM ON HERE, BUT HE
ACTUALLY TOLD YOU SHOULD DO "THE
VIEW."
>> HE DID.
I DIDN'T WANT TO DO IT BECAUSE I
DIDN'T THINK IT WAS THE TYPE OF
SHOW I WOULD LIKE TO BE ON AND
HAD SUCH A CAROUSEL OF HOSTS
ROTATING IN AND OUT.
>> Stephen: WHAT CHANGED YOUR
MIND?
>> HE INSISTED.
HE HAD BEEN DIAGNOSED AND HE
INSISTED AND HE SAID YOU CANNOT
NOT WORK WITH WHOOPI GOLDBERG.
THEY HAD THIS AFFECTION FOR ONE
ANOTHER.
I KNEW THEY WERE FRIENDS --
>> Stephen: WAS THIS A FATHER
AND SISTER ACT?
WHEN?
>> WORKING ON HIV/AIDS ACTIVISM.
SHE'S SUCH AN INCREDIBLE PERSON
AND I CONSIDER HER FAMILY AT
THIS POINT AND I THINK HE KNEW
THINGS I DIDN'T ABOUT BEING
AROUND HERE, BUT IT'S SUCH AN
INCREDIBLE PLATFORM TO BE ON
EVERY DAY.
>> Stephen: YOU SAID YOU WANT
HER TO BE THE JANE GO GOODALL OF
RED AMERICA AND EXPLAIN MY
PEOPLE.
>> YES, I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT
TO SHOW NOT ALL WOMEN WHO WORK
ON NEWS AND DAYTIME TV -- I'M
PRO-LIFE, PRO GUY AND A FOREIGN
POLICY HAWK AND THAT'S AN
IMPORTANT PERSPECTIVE TO SHOW ON
TELEVISION, BUT I AM A STRANGE
PERSON IN THE PARTY NOW.
MY GIRLFRIEND AND I ARE -- OUR
CONSERVATIVE VALUES DIDN'T
CHANGE.
I DIDN'T BECOME A TRUMP POPULIST
BUT ALSO DIDN'T BECOME A
LIBERAL.
IT'S AN INTERESTING TIME TO BE
IN POLITICS.
>> Stephen: DO YOU STILL FEEL
LIKE A REPUBLICAN?
>> I'M IN THE PARTY AND VOTE
LOCALLY ON THE TICKET, BUT I'M
MORE CONSERVATIVE.
>> Stephen: LOCALLY?
IN H-H- I VOTE FOR CANDIDATES
NORMALLY ON THE REPUBLICAN SIDE.
>> Stephen: ANYBODY YOU LIKE
IN 2020?
>> ON THE REPUBLICAN OR THE
DEMOCRAT SIDE?
>> Stephen: ANYBODY.
I AM VERY CURIOUS TO SEE IF
JOE BIDEN GETS INTO THE RACE
BECAUSE I LOVE HIM ON A PERSONAL
LEVEL AND I THINK IT WILL BE
INTERESTING TO SEE IF HE CAN
PULL IT OFF.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, HE'S IN HIS
70s BUT HE'S SUCH A BELOVED
AMERICAN FIGURE AND, ON A
PERSONAL LEVEL, THE
JUXTAPOSITION IN MY EXPERIENCE
WITH CANCER AND THE TRUMPS AND
THE BIDENS HAS BEEN THE I DIDN'T
THINK TO THE I CAN YANG.
HE WAS THERE FOR ME AND MY
FAMILY.
HIS SON DIED OF THE CANCER MY
FATHER HAD, GLIOBLASTOMA.
IF HE BECOMES THE NOMINEE I WILL
HAVE TO QUIT TELEVISION BECAUSE
I CAN'T SAY ANYTHING BAD ABOUT
HIM.
I TOLD HIM THAT.
MAYBE THAT'S A GOOD THING FOR
THOSE WHO DON'T LIKE ME ON THE
VIEW.
>> Stephen: SHOUT OUT.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY NANA
ROBERTA IS 107 TODAY.
>> Stephen: HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
NANA ROBERTA.
( APPLAUSE )
"THE VIEW" AIRS WEEKDAYS ON ABC.
MEGHAN MCCAIN, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH A
PERFORMANCE BY BEIRUT.